You just saw that nothing is required in
undiscovered areas since the priority map is unavailable.
But what if you just want to deploy a robot in your home?
Well, you can almost always provide the robot with the map of
your home and expect it to perform and navigate accurately.
In this example, we'll test if a robot with a priority map will navigate as expected.
Here's an example of a mobile robot with a robotic arm deployed inside the home.
The map of this home is uploaded to the robot which is
unable to perform instantaneous mapping of the environment.
Now, the robot is being asked to pick up a cup from room A and deliver it to room B.
It has computed its trajectory and starts navigating from room A to room B.
Currently, the robot is only performing localization.
Great! It has successfully moved from room A to room B,
and delivered the cup.
Let's try it again, but this time
the resident of this house has rearranged the furniture.
As a result, the passage between room A and B is now blocked.
The robot is once again commanded to deliver an item to room B.
This time, a plate.
It picks up the plate, start navigating,
and suddenly hits one of the pieces of furniture and get stopped.
So, why did this happen,
and how can we keep this from happening again?
Well, the robot is unable to adapt to changes and update its own map.
Mapping is critical in dynamic environments where objects may shift over time.
If the map has been updated after differentials walls,
rearrange, the robot would have taken a different passage.
Thus, in changing environments,
the robot should always perform instantaneous mapping
in both discovered and undiscovered areas,
even if the priority map is available.